# neural-network-challenge-2

In this repo, we are working for a company and helping HR determine how likely employees are to leave the company. To help them, we will be developing a neural network to determine if they are likely to leave. Additionally, we want to determine if we can find a better department fit for employees, which can also help in retention.

We begin by preprocessing the data, creating a `y_df` with columns `attrition` and `department`, our dependent variables. Next, we will choose 10 columns to act as our features, or our `X`. In this case, we have chosen - 'Education', 'Age', 'DistanceFromHome', 'JobSatisfaction', 'OverTime', 'StockOptionLevel', 'WorkLifeBalance', 'YearsAtCompany', 'YearsInCurrentRole', 'YearsSinceLastPromotion'. We split our `y` and `X` into training and testing data for use later. We encode the columns that are not numeric, in this case `Overtime`. We use `StandardScaler` to scale the data. We encode both `attrition` and `department` since we are measuring these separately, but eventually with the same model later on. We use the number of `X` columns to create our input layer, with 10 features. We create two shared layers. We create hidden and output layers for both `attrition` and `department` using `layers.Dense` and its appropriate parameters. Using the `attrition` and `department` output layers, we create our model, which we compile and use accuracy as the metric for both. We get our summary of the model, then we fit our model. We look at our test results, which are further explained in the ipynb file. Afterwards, there is a summary, also further explained in the aforementioned file, to discuss how to improve the model, whether it's using more data, different features, etc.

# Sources

Xpert Learning Assistant - Various questions such as information on the model syntax and info on the different activation functions, and to help brainstorm ways to improve my model </br>
Module-19-Neural-Networks-Deep-Learning-2/Class-3/Activities/02-Evr_Branching/Solved/branching_solution.ipynb- helpful for data preprocessing, buidling the input, shared, and output layers, additionally for building and compiling the model and retrieving the model summary</br>
Module-19-Neural-Networks-Deep-Learning-2/Class-3/Activities/04-Stu_Branching_Faces/Solved/branching_faces_solution.ipynb - Using to solidify understanding of model compilation and the parameters it takes to match the expected output</br>
Module-19 - Checking syntax for most of the assignment, especially encoding and gathering the accuracy correctly from the test results.</br>
